Dr. Belis Aladag: Gonna be Qatar.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Qatar Qatar Xena Callaway
Dr. Belis Aladag: And there's no cures activity in the state of California.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Or her
Dr. Belis Aladag: So kasha. That's a cute nickname kasha right yeah okay. Yeah, you're welcome. I know you were struggling technologically, I guess there was something going on with your audio so
Kasia: Yeah, I didn't see it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: That's okay, thanks for like pushing through it.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But now that we're online. Hopefully in the future. It's going to be smoother for you.
Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, so, okay, so you are. I understand just from the little notes that I got that you're a traveling nurse.
Kasia: That yes yes for us.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. How cool and you're here on assignment, California.
Kasia: Yes, till June 1
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so, June 1 and you've been on Suboxone treatment for how long now.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Since 2012 2012. Okay, so you've been studying on that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes. Is your dose. What do you take
Kasia: It's two strips. Today I have a copy of you want to see.
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's the eight milligram strips.
Kasia: Yes, eight slash to
Uh huh.
Kasia: To structure day. Yes.
Kasia: For days. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah. Do you take like one in one
Kasia: I see. Yes, one in the morning, one in the afternoon.
Dr. Belis Aladag: One. Yeah, I do. Okay, awesome. Okay, so you've been on that since 2012 and um, any, any problems with it since then.
Kasia: No, no. When I'm actually I tried to get off of it.
Kasia: It was few years ago and I couldn't tolerate it. As far as the emotional
Kasia: Like dullness
Kasia: So my my doctor actually told me that for some people also works for depression.
Kasia: So,
Dr. Belis Aladag: It's true, it can have a little bit of an anti depressants effect.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And yeah, I mean if you try
Dr. Belis Aladag: Who knows, in the future, if you feel like you're in a stable place and you want to try again. We could try very, very slowly to go down a notch by notch but but if you've been stable and you're good on it. I mean, why not you know
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm
Dr. Belis Aladag: So tell me what like you used to have an opioid problem or what
Kasia: Yes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes. History of that, did you start when you were young, like
Kasia: No, no, no.
Kasia: I started in 2011 or 10
Kasia: I had an unhappy marriage. I worked a lot of hours. And it started after oral surgery I had they put me on a Viking and since I took that Viking and and made me feel like completely different.
Kasia: And I didn't even realize how I got addicted to it. I mean, I was up to $40 a day at 1.0
Wow.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Wow.
Kasia: Yeah.
Kasia: And then, and I went
Kasia: Through my work through that employee assistance.
Kasia: They admitted they admitted me for the detox.
Kasia: And from there I went to the professional program.
Kasia: In Chicago with Dr. Fry and I was there for a few months.
Kasia: I was doing like it's a partial inpatient, we were in the apartment.
Kasia: And everyday we had classes. Then after that for two years. I was in after care and right now I just see a doctor and meetings.
Dr. Belis Aladag: OK.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I see. So this is all because of the nursing. Is it like a diversion program thing.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Is it. Yes. Okay. So it's the professional board or whatever.
Kasia: It wasn't, it wasn't a board. I was never reported
Kasia: Oh, it was through the hospital.
Dr. Belis Aladag: All through the hospital. Okay. Okay, awesome. And this was all happening in 2010
Kasia: I think it was 10 or 11, something like that.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, and then you started in 2012 with the
Kasia: Yeah, because it happened in December and
Kasia: I wasn't that detox and everything. It was right after New Year's that I went there in January, I believe it was 2012
Kasia: And since then, I was started on some boxes that just worked for me. Really good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Huh. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Um, it's, it's, I'm so glad that they they gave it to you because you know some people don't get introduced to it for a while. Like, they're like, okay, you know you need. Sorry about that. You need to go like full
Dr. Belis Aladag: Abstinence, you know, get people off. And then, and then they have cravings and then, you know,
Kasia: Yeah. And also, that was one of my conditions to start work again. You know, so I'm protected for not taking anything
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes, exactly. Exactly right. That's the others. Plus, right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, cool. All right. I see. And, and you were in an unhappy marriage. I'm so sorry about that. And you, you go right. Yeah.
Kasia: At the same time,
Kasia: Right after I got out of the program.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, you just decided, hey you know I gotta do this.
Kasia: Okay, yeah, you know, it's kind of scary for me because I came here when I was 16 to this country by myself and my ex was the only person that I thought was close. But I didn't realize what it was doing to me until
Dr. Belis Aladag: Years later,
Kasia: 13 years
Dr. Belis Aladag: 13 years. Wow.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Wow, that's a long time.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But, but you realize you know you woke up and
Dr. Belis Aladag: And saw what was going on. And I mean that takes a lot of strength so
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm glad that you did that for you. Are you feeling like you're in a pretty good place now that
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes, time has passed.
Kasia: I actually remarried.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Did you
Kasia: I said I would never do that again. But
Kasia: I guess.
Kasia: Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Great life surprises you
Kasia: Yeah, so I've been married for five years now.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, and you're happy.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, okay, good. So this time around. It's a good one. I'm so glad for you deserve it. Okay, great. So for five years. We're married but. So how are you guys doing this, you're traveling nurses, does he come with you. Do you visit
Kasia: Like, no. So here's the thing. I do have, I do have a job in Key West.
Kasia: But I work in the clinic with the EMT and the cardiologist, and because of everything that's happening. They didn't need
Kasia: As many people
Kasia: So I'm under leave, I decided to go help because I do have experience in critical care and stuff.
Kasia: So I'm on the here till June 1 and then I'm going back to my job.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I got
Kasia: Once in a while I'll take assignment.
Kasia: But it's not like oh you're alone.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I see. I see you're just trying to help right now.
Kasia: Yeah yeah
Kasia: Trying to help and not be off at home to, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, because they didn't
Kasia: Need the Right, right.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I see. So just to keep busy and stuff. That's good.
Kasia: That's so good.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You're being productive and helpful and wow, like you're, you know, the people on the front lines are the heroes. So you're, you're a hero.
Kasia: I don't feel a year old, but
Dr. Belis Aladag: He's where your gear, you know, whatever you need to where
Kasia: I am
Dr. Belis Aladag: Doing all that. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I'm okay. So tell me about. Let's see. Is there any family history of substance use disorders or mental stuff. Tell me.
Kasia: That I
Kasia: Saw my dad always see he died when I was little, but from what I was hearing. He always had an alcohol problem. And then I have one brother who's been sober for 20 years now.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, from alcohol.
Kasia: Yes. And then I have a brother who unfortunately died because of alcohol. He was a diabetic and he had a heart attack. He couldn't stop drinking
Kasia: And I have all this broader who I didn't see for the past three years, but he had both drug and alcohol problem and I hear from my brother that he's actually doing good for the last two years.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Two years okay well that's good, at least. So, so two of your brothers are recovered recovering, and one of them passed away.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh my god, that's so tragic and What country are you originally from
Dr. Belis Aladag: Poland. Poland. I see. So are they all there.
Kasia: No, they're here.
Dr. Belis Aladag: They're all here. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Cool. Um, wow. So there's a family history there for sure, but, you know, as you know, it doesn't have to determine your life. It's just something that you watch out for. So how are you without quality stay away. Do you try not to.
Kasia: Well, I was told in there in my when I was in a professional. I never liked alcohol but they told me to stay away because it could be easily substituted one for another
Kasia: Absolutely. So I really don't like the way that alcohol makes me feel so
Dr. Belis Aladag: I don't need it.
Kasia: That's the one thing that I'm still struggling with a cigarettes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Cigarettes. Okay, so you're smoking, tell me how much are you
Kasia: I'm down to four cigarettes now.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, for six per day.
Kasia: I did more than a pack. But since I came here. I'm very, you know, scared with this virus and everything.
Kasia: Yes, so I got nicotine patches and I worried that and I only have like one sometimes two in the morning and then after the 12 hour shift when they come back, I have another tool.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, I see. Okay, okay that's awesome to go down from like more than a pack a day to just for
Kasia: I said, I'm not, I'm not gonna buy him here. So,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Don't buy him, ya know, buying. That's a good thing. And then do you want me to give you lozenges, I can prescribe laws and just to if you want
Kasia: I have laws and just but if you could give me more patches, that would be great.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Sure. Yeah. Are you using like the full 21
Kasia: Right now I have 21
Kasia: But I think I'm going to stick with it because I'm really trying to, like, get rid of even the for that I'm on
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so stick with the 21 for
Kasia: Now, yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so I'll give you more of the 21
Kasia: Okay.
Kasia: Thank you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You have you said you have enough lozenges, or
Kasia: Yeah, yeah. Because in Florida.
Kasia: It's a free program that if
Kasia: You want something just give it to you. So I have some messages.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Awesome. Okay, good. So
Dr. Belis Aladag: Feel free to use them. So one is equivalent almost to a cigarette. So if you are like hey I need something I came home from work. I want to let go. That last cigarette after work. Instead, you could have the laws or something, you know,
Kasia: It's just a really nasty. I don't like the taste of it. It's
Kasia: Like it hurts that throat
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, yeah. Oh.
Kasia: Yeah, so
Dr. Belis Aladag: It sounds to me like
Dr. Belis Aladag: Darn it. Okay, that's not gonna work. But, you know, I'm glad that you're trying. Because yeah, especially with this fires. Hopefully it's a good motivator, like you need your lungs 100
Kasia: Exactly.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And we know like the minute you use quit smoking, your lungs do start to recover. There is recovery. So yeah. Less is more. I'm glad you've cut down but like let's push it if you can.
Kasia: Yes, yes I will, I will. I have two packs of cigarettes left and I'm hoping not to finish, but I'm for sure not buying any
Dr. Belis Aladag: Don't ya know more by. Okay, good. Um, you mentioned surgery, you mentioned oral surgery in 2010 right
Kasia: Um, no. There was, I think there was earlier than that. So what happened was I had pain right like on the side of my mouth and for the longest time, they couldn't figure out what it was.
Kasia: So they thought it was the joint then an ear infection. I was like, several months they tried to treat me for that. It turned out it was my wisdom tooth.
Oh,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so you're on your left side.
Kasia: Actually, I think it was on the left. I mean, they took out all of them, but
Kasia: I think it was on the left.
Dr. Belis Aladag: But it was wisdom teeth that were bothering your parents.
Kasia: Yes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I see. Yeah, cuz I can feel like the bottom. Yeah, that's okay. So that's kind of what triggered all this, the pills and everything.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, um, any other surgeries.
Kasia: Well, I had gallbladder surgery when I was 16
Kasia: Okay. And then I had a hernia. When I went after I had my son. I got it. When I was pregnant.
Like the
Kasia: ventral hernia. Yeah.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Did you get that repaired as well.
Kasia: Yeah right after I had my son.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay so hernia and then gallbladder surgery, you had your son was your son C section or
Dr. Belis Aladag: Natural that's okay. And then, um,
Dr. Belis Aladag: And so you have a son how great that's so
Kasia: I have a daughter and a son or daughter's 21 now and my son is 14
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, wow. Are they in Key West.
Kasia: My son is in Key West. My daughter's in Wisconsin.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, okay. That's cool.
Kasia: Wisconsin.
Dr. Belis Aladag: I used to live there. I did my family medicine residency there.
Kasia: Yeah, we're
Dr. Belis Aladag: in Eau Claire
Kasia: Oh, okay. She's, she's in green base.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh agreement. Okay, the other side. Yeah.
Kasia: That's what my current husband is from
Dr. Belis Aladag: Always from Green Bay. Yeah, there was a footballs famous
Kasia: Right, right, right. They are
Kasia: 13 I can really understand that.
Kasia: Game, but that's okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, yeah, it's an interesting one. And it's, it's so cold, you know, sitting and what I want to again on, you know, when I was there packers game.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And it was like, hold that everybody's out there. I think it's the only team in the whole league that's publicly owned. So that's why their, their fans are so loyal, you know,
Kasia: Oh, yeah.
Kasia: That I was concerned.
Kasia: She says,
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so I think I got a lot of history from you. I think I understand what was going on. And it sounds like basically since you started the Suboxone in 2012 you've been really steady and stable and doing well in your sobriety.
Kasia: Yes, definitely.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Awesome. Okay, great. I'm so glad. And so, yeah, I'd be, I'm happy to take over for you and help you get through these months.
Dr. Belis Aladag: So the way we set up our program is we have like weekly group visits. Is that something that's doable for you.
Kasia: Sure, that's fine. It's just, it has to be like, you know, because I work for 12 HOUR SHIFTS right now. So as long as it's not my day off. No problem.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so, hmm. So do you know like, okay, so I have groups like I have a group on Monday morning at 10 would you do Mondays at 10
Kasia: This Monday and Tuesday and Wednesday. I'm working and then Saturday, so I could do next week, either Wednesday or Thursday.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, so there's a Thursday 4pm group.
Kasia: Okay, I could do this one.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, you could do that one, you could join us in that group.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then are you saying that every week, it kind of changes.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yes. Hmm.
Kasia: I should get the schedule for the next few weeks when I go back on Monday.
Kasia: OK. But so far, we have a scheduled till next Saturday.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Do you, do you feel do
Dr. Belis Aladag: I mean I can do. Do you want to do individual ones with me, would you
Dr. Belis Aladag: Jewel chat until we figure out like you can kind of tell me your, your schedule more
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, if we if we can figure out as consistent time we can put you in one of the groups, too.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Otherwise, like we could do one on one. I can give you the, the, you know, you can book with me just half hour visit, you know, just to check in. And hey, everything's okay still okay here's your repo kind of thing. Yeah.
Kasia: Okay, yeah, that's fine.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, and then and then we go from there. You know, we just kind of establish this care that way.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And then and move forward. Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Okay, good. Um, so I'll give you like today is what Friday. So I'll give you a week's wars and then if you, you said you have Thursday off.
Kasia: I have Thursday off but
Kasia: The only problem is that it's hard for me to get to the pharmacy, because the transport from the hotel takes us to the hospital. He also takes us to the grocery store. Like, I know that we will go on Saturday tomorrow, but next Saturday. I'll be working so
Kasia: Hard, it's gonna be an issue to get to the pharmacy, but I'll find a way. I'll get over anything
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hard to get to the pharmacy. Is there a pharmacy near the hospital, maybe that's
Kasia: Not that I would see
Kasia: The hospital is kinda on the hill that he takes us. It takes 15 minutes from the hotel to get to the hospital.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Hmm.
Kasia: It's a seat seat in the medical center.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Um, trying to think. So would it be more helpful if I give you more than a week supply
Kasia: LV a lot more helpful because I know that every second Saturday at least I'm off so I can go to the grocery store with them and pick it up.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And pick it up. Should we do okay let's. Can we try every two weeks for now.
Kasia: That would be great. Thank you so much.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, let's try every two, two weeks. Okay, so, so then walk with me before you run out so you don't have to see me next week then then book with me, like the week of the 20th
Kasia: Okay.
Kasia: I, how do I book with you. Do I call it
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, just call the virtual clinic. You can even do it now. You know, after we hang up. You can call them again like through zoom and say hey you know yeah and say, I've met with the doctor and she wants to see me in two weeks.
Kasia: Okay.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You know, can I schedule something either the 24th would be that Friday or before the 24th.
Kasia: Would it be okay if I called him on Mondays. When I get my schedule.
Kasia: So yeah, absolutely.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Totally fine. You'll be covered for the two weeks and then and then we'll see each other again. And by that time you'll tell me what your schedule looks like and
Dr. Belis Aladag: Right. Um, you can still if you're, if you are interested in wanting to be part of the group check in on a weekly basis, you could still do that or we could keep doing like every two weeks, you know, whatever, whatever works. I want to make it easy for you. I don't want to make things harder.
Dr. Belis Aladag: You're going your, you know, your volunteer, you're doing a lot of good stuff. So I want to support you in that
Kasia: Thank you so much.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, absolutely. Okay, so let's try and see what happens. Okay.
Kasia: Okay, thank you very much.
Dr. Belis Aladag: No problem. And then remember we have services if you want for like individual therapy. So like if you wanted to see a therapist, you're actually assigned one in bright heart.
Dr. Belis Aladag: And you could call the virtual clinic and say, Okay, I'm going to see the doctor in two weeks. But I also want to see the therapist as well. Can I have an appointment, you know,
Dr. Belis Aladag: I don't. Okay. Um, I guess it depends on your insurance in terms of coverage.
Kasia: That they couldn't figure out my insurance in time. So I paid cash today because
Dr. Belis Aladag: Oh, oh, wow, okay. Hopefully, they can figure it out. So we can smooth it and it's not that you know too much for you.
Kasia: Okay.
Kasia: Thank you.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay okay okay kasha I will see you in two weeks. If you have any issues questions, let me know. I'll should I send you an email.
Dr. Belis Aladag: No, it's okay. I mean, you can just if you have any concerns, you can always just call the virtual clinic.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, you have their 800 number in case you can't get through, through
Dr. Belis Aladag: I do
Dr. Belis Aladag: I do have the 800 number in case you can't get through and then you have the zoom number and between those two you can communicate with them. If there's any problems, but the pharmacy. Let me just make sure I have the right one.
Kasia: So I asked them on for Walgreens on El Camino because it's near the grocery store lucky.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. Let me confirm
Dr. Belis Aladag: Are you on any other meds. That's what I
Kasia: Know you're not
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, and you're doing Suboxone film. You said the eight dash to
Dr. Belis Aladag: Say,
Dr. Belis Aladag: We say this all
Dr. Belis Aladag: 100 twice daily
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay. And it looks like yes El Camino rail.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay all greens.
Kasia: Okay, perfect.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Okay, if there's any issues in the pharmacy. You can stay in the pharmacy and call the virtual clinic from there to
Dr. Belis Aladag: The person who's the liaison for us. The purpose is Danielle. So, Danielle works in the virtual clinic as well and Danielle can help resolve any if your insurance is like, no, we don't cover the brand name, we need some other
Kasia: You know what, okay.
Kasia: She can probably call them on the phone.
Kasia: Have anything because I'll be with my coworkers.
Dr. Belis Aladag: Yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay. Well, good luck and I'm excited to hear about your adventures next time around in the hospital and whatever's going on and and lots of blessings to you for doing the work that you do and
Dr. Belis Aladag: Stay safe and and smoking, you know, work on the smoking. We'll talk about that.
Kasia: Okay, thank you so much. Thank you. You are in the phone line. Still, and thank you for helping me
Dr. Belis Aladag: Thank you, bye bye bye